feat: add `math/base/special/round-nearest-even` (#7468)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/round-nearest-even/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

> # Round

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# roundNearestEven
```

> > Round a numeric value to the nearest integer with ties rounding to the nearest even integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Round a double-precision floating-point number to the nearest integer value with ties rounding to the nearest even integer.
```

I suggest making this change here and throughout this package.

Author: On it!
